Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, and dig deep.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Wake up with determination, go to bed with satisfaction.
Dream big. Start small. Act now.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Work in silence, let your success be your noise.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even when you don’t feel like it.
Consistency is what transforms average into excellence.
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Focus on your goal. Don’t look in any direction but ahead.
A little progress each day adds up to big results.
Make today so awesome that yesterday gets jealous.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently.
Small steps in the right direction can turn out to be the biggest steps of your life.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
If you get tired, learn to rest, not quit.
The secret to getting ahead is getting started.
Your only limit is your mind.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Nothing will work unless you do.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Never let fear decide your future.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
Stay hungry, stay foolish.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
The best revenge is massive success.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Believe you can, and you’re halfway there.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Work hard. Stay humble.
You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear—not absence of fear.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
One day or day one. You decide.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
When you feel like quitting, think about why you started.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Do what you love and love what you do.
Success is not measured by where you are, but by the obstacles you've overcome.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do.
Be a voice, not an echo.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
Every expert was once a beginner.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the right time.
One step at a time, one day at a time.
The best way out is always through.
Stay focused and never give up.
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of its troubles, it empties today of its strength.
When you can’t find the sunshine, be the sunshine.
The comeback is always stronger than the setback.
Your attitude determines your direction.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Good things take time. Stay patient and trust your journey.
No matter how slow you go, you’re still lapping everyone on the couch.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
You can if you think you can.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
